docs: remove rancher pre-installation requirements (#44)
rancher-sandbox/rancher-turtles-docs: docs/getting-started/install_turtles_operator.md

This section walks through different installation options for the Rancher Turtles Operator.

:::info
Before [installing Rancher Turtles](#install-rancher-turtles-operator-with-cluster-api-operator-as-a-helm-dependency) in your Rancher environment, Rancher's `embedded-cluster-api` functionality must be disabled. This includes also cleaning up Rancher-specific webhooks that otherwise would conflict with CAPI ones.

To simplify setting up Rancher for installing Rancher Turtles, the official Rancher Turtles Helm chart includes a `pre-install` hook that applies these changes, making it transparent to the end user.

> - Feature `embedded-cluster-api` will be set to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Disable the `embedded-cluster-api` feature in Rancher.
```

> - Webhooks `mutating-webhook-configuration` and `validating-webhook-configuration` will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the `mutating-webhook-configuration` and `validating-webhook-configuration` webhooks that are no longer needed.
```
